Casas en de los chicos estaba cada n el
valle del R in a keen semi-new toes al
Sur de Lima say Yaga a yeah pasando por
sem breo's Caminos relays yo wave los
pequeños es un Estancia privada que
habrá sus puertas al público en ok
Sione's especiales exclusive 'as
la crianza del caballo peruano de paso
es su råsunda sir in principle
dedication is cuchara la historia de
nuestro caballo de sus characteristic as
propias libera hemp la rioja Cygnus
Eidos emedia Efren adora ya dual toe
Senna plenitude de sus koala da days
oppressor al caballo
Sulu fossa pero la vez cement a typical
de nuestros Gilani's vera también la
Crianza el Pastore Oh Y V V de un dia en
contacto con la natural esse
a la hora de la Mer so disfrute r de los
sabores del peru
I know day Husted a probe are un paseo
sobre el caballo mess suave del mundo
perfect absolutely marvelous
I've never ridden a horse like it if I
have never ridden hosting but I
thoroughly enjoyed every moment first
time I was on horse when I was three
years old and that's once since then I
sat on one for two minutes and now I
enjoy distances this is great because
it's our 50th wedding anniversary and
it's a great great gift it was the
highlight of the trip so far and I agree
I heard somebody say they got misty and
I agree it was beautiful as a wonderful
time probably the best time we've had on
the ship so far now the food was
excellent the horse show was very
enlightening and since we have some
friends that are into dressage and and
it was very interesting you know so it's
just been absolutely marvelous and our
hostess is so gracious and we've so
enjoyed the horses and the riders it's
been very special the secretary of my
life that I'm in your country and I
enjoy it very much
and this year is fabulous the Shahar
show your beautiful flowers the food
nice people fantastic but I can say I
enjoy very much the elegant horses and
the nice view and the flowers and the
lumps perfect